Add `prefer-top-level-await` rule (#1325)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-top-level-await.md

# Prefer top-level await over top-level promises and async function calls

> Prefer [top level await](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/await#top-level-await) over floating promises, async IIFE, and function call to an async function.

Reviewer: This just repeats the title. Maybe:

```suggestion
[Top-level await](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/await#top-level-await) is more readable and can prevent unhandled rejections.
```
